AppProvider is our Content Provider here. This is the only class that should interact with our
database class. This class will be used to read/write to our database.

Content Provider is essentially a mechanism for "inter-process" communication to ensure secure
communication. Content Provider abstracts out the way this communication happens.
The app requesting for data, it doesn't care how data is stored in other app's resources.
getContentResolver(). Content provider uses URI.

The URI field must be public because not only our app, but other apps may also need data of
our app. They access our content provider using this URI only.

URI tells which table (even which row of table) of which package is being referred to.

There are four parts of Content Provider URI :

1) Prefix : Always set to "content://" (similar to https:// in URLs)
2) Authority : Specifies name of content provider and it must be unique, that is why
               we use it with package name, e.g. contacts, browser, etc. In our case,
               it should be full name of app's package provider
               (This has role similar to domain name that maps to an IP)
               E.g. : org.example.TaskTimer.provider
3) Path structure : In our example it would be the name of our table
4) Content URI id : By convention, Content Provider uses _id column of table to provide access to
                    a single row in the table. Providers actually match this _id to ID column of
                    the tables to give the required row. Actually this is in sync with the fact that
                    cursor adapter needs an _ID field in the table to work. Why? This is because
                    when a user clicks an item on the list view, it is the position of the element
                    in the list view that is matched to the _id of the database.

UriMatcher : Utility class to aid in matching URIs in content providers.
             This class matches to a table and also to rows of that table using its _id column.

sURIMatcher.addURI("contacts", "people", PEOPLE);//Adding URI for the table

sURIMatcher.addURI("contacts", "people/#", PEOPLE_ID);//Adding URI for the table row
                                                      //# is used as place holder for +ve numbers

Important : Content Provider is not an Activity, so "this" keyword can't be used to provide context.
            Rather, content provider has access to method : "getContext()" which is used.

Content provider should be specified inside the manifest file inside <application> tag.